GraphQL: Add coverage for gift wrapping and messages (#7745)
magento/devdocs: src/_includes/graphql/cart-object-24.md

`applied_gift_cards` | [[`AppliedGiftCard`]][AppliedGiftCard] | An array of `AppliedGiftCard` objects. An `AppliedGiftCard` object contains the `code` text attribute, which specifies the gift card code. `applied_gift_cards` is a Commerce-only attribute, defined in the GiftCardAccountGraphQl module
`applied_reward_points`| [`RewardPointsAmount`][RewardPointsAmount] | The amount of reward points applied to the cart
`applied_store_credit` | [`AppliedStoreCredit`][AppliedStoreCredit] | Contains store credit information applied to the cart. `applied_store_credit` is a Commerce-only attribute, defined in the CustomerBalanceGraphQl module
`available_gift_wrappings` | [GiftWrapping]! | The list of available gift wrapping options for the cart
`available_payment_methods` | [[AvailablePaymentMethod]][AvailablePaymentMethod] | Available payment methods
`billing_address` | [BillingCartAddress][BillingCartAddress] | Contains the billing address specified in the customer's cart
`email` | String | The customer's email address
`gift_message` | [GiftMessage][GiftMessage] | A gift message added to the cart

> `gift_receipt_included` | Boolean! | Whether the customer requested a gift receipt for the cart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gift_receipt_included` | Boolean! | Indicates if the customer requested a gift receipt for the cart
```

`gift_wrapping` | GiftWrapping | The selected gift wrapping for the cart
`id` | ID! | The ID of the cart
`is_virtual` | Boolean! | Indicates whether the cart contains only virtual products
`items` | [[CartItemInterface]][CartItemInterface] | Contains the items in the customer's cart
`prices` | [CartPrices][CartPrices] | Contains subtotals and totals

> `printed_card_included` | Boolean! | Whether the customer requested a printed card for the cart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`printed_card_included` | Boolean! | Indicates if the customer requested a printed card for the cart
```

`applied_gift_cards` | [[`AppliedGiftCard`]][AppliedGiftCard] | An array of `AppliedGiftCard` objects. An `AppliedGiftCard` object contains the `code` text attribute, which specifies the gift card code. `applied_gift_cards` is a Commerce-only attribute, defined in the GiftCardAccountGraphQl module
`applied_reward_points`| [`RewardPointsAmount`][RewardPointsAmount] | The amount of reward points applied to the cart
`applied_store_credit` | [`AppliedStoreCredit`][AppliedStoreCredit] | Contains store credit information applied to the cart. `applied_store_credit` is a Commerce-only attribute, defined in the CustomerBalanceGraphQl module

> `available_gift_wrappings` | [GiftWrapping] | The list of available gift wrapping options for the cart

Reviewer 2: Hi @keharper. Since I've been partially working on the PR with this feature, spotted one minor thing. 

```suggestion
`available_gift_wrappings` | [GiftWrapping]! | The list of available gift wrapping options for the cart
```
